people's been having a of this week that
this week's recipe is for Chinese New
Year community everybody out and I'm
gonna tell you how to make hats very
popular dish and it's always popular on
at my house this might come pao chicken
to start off with if I have two chicken
breasts cut into small chunks in a bulb
we're gonna help make a marinade for
these by using a tablespoon off some soy
sauce big tablespoon and if you've got
some Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
that will do my mum would use up today's
ease about table strainer back as well
my mum always use a dry sherry
instead of Chinese rice wine she can
find it and we're gonna use about a
tablespoon of corn flour or cornstarch
we're just gonna mix that all together
and leave it for one side there aren't
that many ingredients actually in this
dish we have garlic ginger dried red
chilies roasted peanuts corn flour and
some soy sauces for the sauce and some
spring onions
I'm cutting my red chilies in half and
taking the seeds out because in this and
if I didn't take the seeds out the
special probably glowed with slice of
spring onions up to quick you're not too
small
it's actually really important
all the ingredients ready first before
you start cooking so all my fave spring
onions garlic ginger is chopped like two
minutes marinating what I've got to do
now is put together all these kind of
sauce ingredients into One Bowl so
that's ready to swim at the right time
sauce ingredients are couple more
tablespoons of soy sauce there we go
I will put all the quantities up on my
blog for you you want a teaspoon of some
Chinese rice vinegar which is like black
the black one if you don't have it just
use balsamic as a substitute these
finish it a couple of tablespoons of
water this helps make it more saucy
teaspoon of corn flour so mixed together
that's all that goes in the sauce okay
we're now ready to cook I've got my walk
on that's heating up I'm gonna pop in a
tablespoon of some plain will like
ground up and I like to add a dash of
sesame seed oil to this as well it's not
essential but if you've got it handy
like a little bit chilly is going in now
putting the chilies in first actually
helps just flavor the oil of it now my
chicken is going in
the heats not too high as overstated I
want everything to burn while the
chicken is cooking once the chickens
browned all over will turn white like
this don't make it add
jinda
King up
most of the spring onion
save some of them keep some of them back
for sprinkling on later and your sauce
just keep stirring until everything is
nicely coated and slips through you see
how the cornflour makes a really nice
sticky sauce set
surf the chicken up on a bed of steamed
white rice do list you know and I'm
gonna add a few more sprinkles of these
spring onions on top so I hope you all
really enjoy making this dish for
yourself
leave me your comments I love hearing
from you and if you haven't yet
subscribe I do new recipes every single
week so happy Chinese New Year and happy
cooking now right yeah